# eBookReader
A front end web application -- pdf and mobi documents viewer

eBookReader

The project eBook Reader is about developing a web application to read eBooks without storing them on the local system. It supports at least PDF and Mobi documents. The website has two sections: a public static section using HTML5, CSS3, and ES6, and a password protected section using Asp.Net Core MVC. There are mainly two users of the website: admin and the registered users. The users that visit the website but do not register are the guest users. It has ability to select and view both publicly available documents, and, with authentication, private documents. The publicly available documents are uploaded by the registered users and the private documents are provided by the admin. The guest users cannot upload any document. While reading the documents, there are controls to change the viewing scale and to iterate through pages or sections of any of the documents. A feature is provided to comment on documents for review. Comments are viewable only by the admin and the authenticated user that supplied the input. The guest users cannot read the comments. The comments are associated with a document being reviewed. There is a webservice built using Asp.Net Web API, used to manage content on the site. The webservice is used to upload, delete and replace the documents. While uploading the document, its metadata is stored in the SQL database, while replacing a document, its data get updated in the database and when we delete a document, its corresponding metadata gets deleted from the database. There are clients for the webservice: a ASP .NET Console Application and the web browser itself. The documents are selected from the local system.

